Who was that person from just now?
So bold. I actually want to do that kind of thing to you.
Him. His name is Li Dazhu.
It's the Zhou family who decorated the village. All right.
I didn’t expect that. There are still such domineering and shameless people in this village.
But ah. You don't have to worry either.
If he really dares to call someone over. I followed him as the village chief.
Look at his face. I still need to watch.
Right. Weren't you stationed by Li just now?
Did I hit it with my head turn? How's it going?
You are not angry at all now. I'm fine.
I practiced ironwork. I'll get some medicine later.
Just wipe it off and say go. Insider?
It's the one with your four. Pretty much.
Oh, yes, Xiaochang
You and I will go to Yisheng Station to report
Accommodation is not guaranteed at Yisheng Station.
How about you pay attention to your sister?
And look at how big my house is
It would be a waste if I lived by myself.
The resident here has asked me to harass me